src/content/services/rics-home-surveys.mdx, before:

---
title: "RICS Home Surveys"
intro: "Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 surveys tailored to property risk and timelines across Deeside, Chester and Flintshire."
---

## Pick the survey level that matches your property

- **Level 1 — Condition Report:** A traffic-light overview for newer, well-maintained homes that need a quick condition check.
- **Level 2 — HomeBuyer Survey:** The most popular choice for conventional properties, including advice on repairs and maintenance priorities.
- **Level 3 — Building Survey:** A comprehensive inspection for older, extended or non-standard homes with detailed analysis of defects and remedial options.

## What happens once you enquire

1. Share your property details and receive a tailored quote, usually within an hour.
2. We arrange access with the agent, vendor or key holder and confirm the inspection date with you.
3. The site visit captures photographs, notes and risk ratings aligned with the latest RICS Home Survey Standard.
4. You receive a clear report within days, followed by a call to discuss the findings and next steps.

## Reassurance for buyers and owners

- **Qualified AssocRICS surveyor:** Every inspection is handled personally, providing independent, local insight.
- **Fast turnaround:** Inspection slots are typically available within a week and reports follow shortly afterwards.
- **Transparent communication:** Expect prompt updates, same-day summaries where needed and ongoing support by phone or email.

Whether you are buying your first home or upgrading to a period property, you get practical guidance to help you negotiate, plan works and protect your investment.

Commit message:

chore(content): apply service optional starter

src/content/services/rics-home-surveys.mdx, after:

---
metaTitle: "Book Your RICS Home Survey — Fast | LEM Building Surveying"
metaDescription: "Compare Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3 RICS home surveys in Deeside, Chester and Flintshire with pricing guidance, quick booking and clear local reporting."
canonicalPath: "/rics-home-surveys"
hero:
  eyebrow: "RICS Home Surveys"
  heading: "Book Your RICS Home Survey — Fast, Clear & Local"
  description: "Make confident property decisions with a qualified surveyor’s report—turnaround in as little as 5–7 days. Request your quote and secure a survey date."
  primaryCta:
    label: "Request a Survey"
    href: "/enquiry"
sections:
  - id: "introduction"
    heading: "Intro content."
    kicker: "Optional kicker"
    intro: "Use this section to outline the key value proposition for the service."
    body: |
      Replace this body copy with service-specific information, bullet points, or supporting paragraphs as needed. You can include markdown lists, emphasised text, and links.
faqs:
  heading: "Service FAQs"
  intro: "Answer common questions prospective clients ask about this service."
  items:
    - q: "Sample question?"
      a: "Provide a helpful answer that addresses the query and signposts next steps."
updated: "2024-10-19"
---

## Intro content.
